this is external rotation and internal
rotation this is called the hurdler
stretch you squeeze that hamstring and
you're going to sink the hips down
toward the ground oh God so after a
couple sets of 30 seconds you should
feel some improvement so here's external
yep try that great now go internal you
feel the block there the reason why is
cuz your hip is so flexed your knee is
too close to your body Flex that
hamstring more there you go you can pull
a lot harder if you want to I don't
think you know this but you have
excellent hip internal rotation I don't
think I do you do this is it cuz the
rotation is not coming from your knee if
it was you'd be dislocated oh okay yeah